http://tuxmachines.org/node/feed linux
http://distrowatch.com/news/dw.xml linux
http://linuxjournal.com/node/feed linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/d0od linux
http://osnews.com/feed linux
http://phoronix.com/rss.php linux
http://lwn.net/headlines/rss linux
http://lxer.com/module/newswire/headlines.rss linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Liliputing linux
http://www.howtoforge.com/rss/linux.rss linux
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index/ linux
http://www.h-online.com/grand-atom.xml linux
http://maketecheasier.com/category/linux-tips/feed linux
http://news.ycombinator.com/rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/linux/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/archlinux/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/LinuxActionShow/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/linuxquestions/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/awesomewm/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/OpenSource/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/linuxadmin/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/unixporn/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/pkgoftheday/.rss linux
http://reddit.com/r/vim/.rss linux
http://dedoimedo.com/rss_feed.xml linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TerminallyIncoherent linux
http://blog.sanctum.geek.nz/feed/ linux
http://inconsolation.wordpress.com/feed/ linux
http://weltderphysik.de/RSS-alles physics
http://www.pro-physik.de/graphicalrss/prophy/newsFeed.xml physics
http://physnews.com/feed.xml physics
http://phys.org/rss-feed/physics-news physics
